<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
<!-- BEGIN\_TF\_DOCS -->
# Submodule: static\_website

This submodule is independently consumable and can be called directly. It is also used by `terraform-azurerm-avm-res-storage-storageaccount`.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.10.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.8)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_update_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/update_resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_storage_account_id"></a> [storage\_account\_id](#input\_storage\_account\_id)

Description: (Required) The full resource ID of the parent storage account.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_error_404_document"></a> [error\_404\_document](#input\_error\_404\_document)

Description: (Optional) The absolute path to a custom webpage to use for 404 not-found errors. Defaults to `null` (Azure Storage returns the default error page).

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_index_document"></a> [index\_document](#input\_index\_document)

Description: (Optional) The webpage that Azure Storage serves for requests to the root of a website or any subfolder. Defaults to `null` (no index document configured).

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_resource_type"></a> [resource\_type](#input\_resource\_type)

Description: (Optional) Override the AzAPI `<provider>/<resource>@<api-version>` string used to patch the blob service for static-website hosting. Defaults to the value tested with this module version.

Type: `string`

Default: `"Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices@2025-06-01"`

### <a name="input_retry"></a> [retry](#input\_retry)

Description: (Optional) Retry configuration applied to the AzAPI resource. Defaults to `null` (no custom retry).

- `error_message_regex` - (Optional) A list of regex patterns matching error messages that trigger a retry. Defaults to `null`.
- `interval_seconds` - (Optional) Initial interval between retries in seconds. Defaults to `null` (provider default).
- `max_interval_seconds` - (Optional) Maximum interval between retries in seconds. Defaults to `null` (provider default).

Type:

```hcl
object({
    error_message_regex  = optional(list(string))
    interval_seconds     = optional(number)
    max_interval_seconds = optional(number)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: (Optional) Per-operation timeouts applied to the AzAPI resource. Defaults to `null` (provider defaults). Each value is a Go duration string (e.g. `30m`, `1h`).

- `create` - (Optional) Timeout for create operations. Defaults to `null`.
- `read` - (Optional) Timeout for read operations. Defaults to `null`.
- `update` - (Optional) Timeout for update operations. Defaults to `null`.
- `delete` - (Optional) Timeout for delete operations. Defaults to `null`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string)
    read   = optional(string)
    update = optional(string)
    delete = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the patched blobServices/default.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->