<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
<!-- BEGIN\_TF\_DOCS -->
# Submodule: local\_user

This submodule is independently consumable and can be called directly. It is also used by `terraform-azurerm-avm-res-storage-storageaccount`.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.10.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.8)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) The name of the local user.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_storage_account_id"></a> [storage\_account\_id](#input\_storage\_account\_id)

Description: (Required) The full resource ID of the parent storage account.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_home_directory"></a> [home\_directory](#input\_home\_directory)

Description: (Optional) The home directory of the storage account local user. Defaults to `null`.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_permission_scope"></a> [permission\_scope](#input\_permission\_scope)

Description: (Optional) A list of permission scopes for the local user. Defaults to `null` (no scopes). Each entry supports:

- `resource_name` - (Required) The container name (when `service` is set to `blob`) or the file share name (when `service` is set to `file`).
- `service` - (Required) The storage service used by this Storage Account Local User. Possible values are `blob` and `file`.
- `permissions` - (Required) An object describing the permissions granted at this scope. Supports:
  - `create` - (Optional) Whether the local user has the create permission for this scope. Defaults to `null` (`false`).
  - `delete` - (Optional) Whether the local user has the delete permission for this scope. Defaults to `null` (`false`).
  - `list` - (Optional) Whether the local user has the list permission for this scope. Defaults to `null` (`false`).
  - `read` - (Optional) Whether the local user has the read permission for this scope. Defaults to `null` (`false`).
  - `write` - (Optional) Whether the local user has the write permission for this scope. Defaults to `null` (`false`).

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    resource_name = string
    service       = string
    permissions = object({
      create = optional(bool)
      delete = optional(bool)
      list   = optional(bool)
      read   = optional(bool)
      write  = optional(bool)
    })
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_resource_type"></a> [resource\_type](#input\_resource\_type)

Description: (Optional) Override the AzAPI `<provider>/<resource>@<api-version>` string used to manage the local user. Defaults to the value tested with this module version.

Type: `string`

Default: `"Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/localUsers@2025-06-01"`

### <a name="input_retry"></a> [retry](#input\_retry)

Description: (Optional) Retry configuration applied to the AzAPI resource. Defaults to `null` (no custom retry).

- `error_message_regex` - (Optional) A list of regex patterns matching error messages that trigger a retry. Defaults to `null`.
- `interval_seconds` - (Optional) Initial interval between retries in seconds. Defaults to `null` (provider default).
- `max_interval_seconds` - (Optional) Maximum interval between retries in seconds. Defaults to `null` (provider default).

Type:

```hcl
object({
    error_message_regex  = optional(list(string))
    interval_seconds     = optional(number)
    max_interval_seconds = optional(number)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_ssh_authorized_key"></a> [ssh\_authorized\_key](#input\_ssh\_authorized\_key)

Description: (Optional) A list of SSH authorized keys for the local user. Defaults to `null` (no keys). Each entry supports:

- `key` - (Required) The public key value of this SSH authorized key.
- `description` - (Optional) The description of this SSH authorized key. Defaults to `null`.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    description = optional(string)
    key         = string
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_ssh_key_enabled"></a> [ssh\_key\_enabled](#input\_ssh\_key\_enabled)

Description: (Optional) Whether SSH key authentication is enabled. Defaults to `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_ssh_password_enabled"></a> [ssh\_password\_enabled](#input\_ssh\_password\_enabled)

Description: (Optional) Whether SSH password authentication is enabled. Defaults to `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: (Optional) Per-operation timeouts applied to the AzAPI resource. Defaults to `null` (provider defaults). Each value is a Go duration string (e.g. `30m`, `1h`).

- `create` - (Optional) Timeout for create operations. Defaults to `null`.
- `read` - (Optional) Timeout for read operations. Defaults to `null`.
- `update` - (Optional) Timeout for update operations. Defaults to `null`.
- `delete` - (Optional) Timeout for delete operations. Defaults to `null`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string)
    read   = optional(string)
    update = optional(string)
    delete = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tracing_tags_header"></a> [tracing\_tags\_header](#input\_tracing\_tags\_header)

Description: (Optional) User-Agent string injected into AzAPI request headers. Defaults to `null` (no custom header).

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_home_directory"></a> [home\_directory](#output\_home\_directory)

Description: The home directory of the local user.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the local user.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full local user azapi\_resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the local user.

### <a name="output_sid"></a> [sid](#output\_sid)

Description: The Security Identifier (SID) assigned to the local user.

### <a name="output_ssh_key_enabled"></a> [ssh\_key\_enabled](#output\_ssh\_key\_enabled)

Description: Whether SSH key authentication is enabled.

### <a name="output_ssh_password_enabled"></a> [ssh\_password\_enabled](#output\_ssh\_password\_enabled)

Description: Whether SSH password authentication is enabled.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->